finished codepen url: https://codepen.io/spearoxi/pen/bGqaZWa?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
            A way to organize your HTML

    2. What is HTML used for? 
            To structure the code of a website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
         Attributes are properties we add to elements in the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            h1 is used for titles or the most important content. use it once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
            img,<a>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
            links to images, fonts, or other content

    7. What is an id? 
            The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
            Any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
            Once

    10. What is a class? 
            It is an attribute that creates a name for a specific element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
            Any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            As many as you want

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            Use the <a> anchor element

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
            Adds a text description to an image on a web page

    15. How do I reference an id?
            With a # followed by the id name
            
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section is semantic html and div is not. A section means the content is grouped while div has no meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
            To style and format a website

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            By typing the element as it is with opening brackets after it

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            Class can be used mulstiple times but an id should only be used once.
            <div class="container></div> 
            <h1 id="myHeader">My Header</h1>

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            Type a period before the class name.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            It selects all elements that are children of the selected element. It's useful for when you want to select all elements at the same time instead of each one individually.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            A keyword added to a selector that specifies the state of that element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            CAPITALS--> text-transform:uppercase;
            lowercase--> text-transform:capitalize;
            Capitalize--> text-transform:lowercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            border: black dotted 1px;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /* Like this. */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm and then the file name. because it can seriously affect your computet if you delete the wrong thing

    34. Why should I use version control? 
            It allows multiple people to work on the same project at the same time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
            Often, or at least whenever a function begins to work. Every 20 min if possible. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork
        git clone
        cd into file
        code .
        create branch
        add code
        git add .
        git push
        git pull(when finished)
